good morning everyone I'm an arena
welcome to my kitchen and today we're
going to go ahead and do another
microwave recipe and this is for all the
dorm dwellers out there we're gonna make
a chili omelette in the microwave now I
have some leftover chili we had pan
chili for dinner on Sunday night and I
always make enough so that I have
leftover and this week Molly has been
taking it for lunch and this morning
we've just finished our walk Rick and I
started walking we're building up to a
mile and a half we're at three-quarters
of a mile now and we're home from our
walk and we're gonna have a chili
omelette and you can use your favorite
canned chili if you are dorm dweller and
don't have leftover homemade chili of
course you can use frozen chili you know
they do make chili that they sell in the
freezer section and or you can use your
hope your favorite canned chili there
are some really nice options out there
that aren't garbage so what we're gonna
do is go ahead and get started we're
going to need pegs and leftover chili
some cheese some butter I have my spray
oil and some seasonings and we're gonna
go from there and a little bit of milk
what I like to do is I like to make it
in this omelet cooker you don't have to
have one of these but these are really
awesome these run about five dollars and
they are sold in microwave cookware
section at any big-box store which is
near the regular cookware we got this
one at the military commissary Teri
point come and if you're at a commissary
you can usually find a little kind of
twirling stand somewhere in the store
that has microwave cookware on it so
that's something to keep your heads up
for this is BPA free this is made by
Progressive International and all of
their microwave cookware is BPA free I
have several pieces I will be sharing
with you over time why did I use our on
the cooker and we're gonna build it
right in here first thing you want to do
is give it a little spray and I use my
me stove but if you don't have one you
can just use Panem or any other
vegetable cooking spray that you have
available we're gonna go ahead and bring
our eggs 1 egg in each side you want to
switch places this will be a 2 egg
omelette
and the way that you use these little
omelet cookers is a little bit different
you actually start out by using it
opened up like this so we're going to
look over yo let me put the milk in in
just a second then we're going to put
half of the milk this is two tablespoons
of milk remember a shot glasses two
tablespoons so we're gonna put half in
each side and of course you can mix it
all up in a measuring cup and just pour
half in half and each side it's all fine
but I'm thinking about all those people
who live in the door maybe you don't
have a separate thing to mix it up in so
this is how you do it now I'm just gonna
put a little dot of butter and this is
strictly for flavor we're putting that
much in each side it's not that much
it's gonna melt in there once you start
cooking it but I'm gonna beat it in
there and I have an 1100 watt microwave
I want to remind everyone of that I'm
gonna put this in the microwave on HIGH
power and I'm gonna put it in there for
one minute and then I'm gonna bring you
back I'm gonna show you what it looks
like it looks like after it's cooked for
one minute what you want to do now is
you want to go in here with your fork
you want to break it up I promise it's
gonna cook back together so don't worry
because this is gonna be a beautiful
omelet when it's all finished and you
might have I have a turntable in my
microwave and it might look like it has
cooked unevenly but once you go in here
and you mix it up and everything comes
together all again it's gonna look
beautiful now at this point I'm gonna
add my seasoning I have a little crazy
mixed-up salt this is salt and pepper
and seasonings I'm also going to add a
little herbs de Provence this is just a
French kind of seasoning blend and it
has marjoram and salt and pepper and
lavender buds and all kinds of goodness
in there use whatever you want if you
just have salt and pepper use salt and
pepper
give it some mrs.
sure give us some seasoned salt or
whatever you like you like that Tony
shush arrays or whatever helped you call
that you know use that all right back in
the microwave oh sorry I forgot I'm
gonna go ahead and mix in some cheese
right now and there you go there's that
hand again everybody loves that hand
okay back in the microwave for one more
minute and we'll be right back
has been a minute and now it's time to
add our filling which is going to be our
chili and since this is for us I am
gonna use my fingers if you don't like
that then please don't use your fingers
and then the magic snip it and then
you're just gonna arrange it like this
you're gonna close it you're gonna put
it back in the microwave for 30 more
seconds and then you're gonna have an
omelet so I'll be right back
30 seconds in the microwave and that's
all it Chuck so now I'm gonna grab a
fork I might actually grab a little
rubber spatula because that's what I
have and I could make a better ski I'm
live in the skillet because I've never
mastered omelets look at that absolutely
perfect right and then all you need to
do is put a little more cheese on the
top we haven't used more than a couple
of tables from the cheese and this a
dollop of sour cream
and a little green onion for color
honestly I think that looks beautiful
and you didn't have to spin have you
seen the price of omelettes for instance
uh I don't know I huh 899 folks for a
three-egg omelette yes this is a two egg
omelette but I can never finish it three
egg omelette it's ridiculously expensive
it's a few eggs and a little bit of
filling no big deal you pair that with
some fresh fruit and you're on your way
that is a great meal to have any time of
day breakfast lunch or dinner and it's
used you know it's made using simple
ingredients eggs cheese milk and
whatever filling that you're gonna put
in there you don't have to put any chili
in there if you don't want to but this
is the basics on how to make a microwave
omelette we've chosen to make a
microwave chili omelette I hope that you
try it I hope that you love it I hope
this was helpful to all you folks out
there who have limited resources and may
only have a microwave to cook in I hope
that you enjoy the video and if you did
give me a thumbs up leave me a comment
let me know what you think and until
next time I'll see ya